Analysis
What my project is doing and what it is replacing
My project is a music booking system for BEAT (Barnet Education Arts Trust) Music Office. BEAT run a set of music centres with conductors needing to be able to be loaned music for a set period of time. At the moment they use a textbook where you are meant to write the music you are getting out. This textbook is not visible to most people and music has been lost. BEAT don’t have someone who is capable of writing them an online system for doing this. 
Problems with previous system
This current system has a number of problems. The first of which, as mentioned above, is that the textbook is not used much as most people don’t see it or ignore it meaning music can be lost or disappear for long periods of time. On top of this problem is that at this point there is no actual return point due to having no book. This means that teachers don’t remember when to return music and aren’t given reminders as there is no system to do so. The system being manual has meant that teachers have to hope that music is still available when they turn up and that the music is not properly categorised in any sensible way. 
Needs of the new system
The purpose of the system is to allow users of Barnet Education Arts Trust (BEAT) to use an online service, which will allow them to search for music available to borrow and to reserve the music they need. 
There will be 3 classes of user. Administrators will have full control over the whole system. Managers will have the ability to create and delete accounts, add and remove items from the list of available music, update the music checked out to any user. Users will be able to see the music they currently have checked out, search the catalog for available music, reserve music they want.
When a user has made a reservation they will be sent an email confirming the reservation and given a time limit in which they have to collect the reserved music. When they go to collect the music from BEAT they must bring the email with them, a manager at BEAT will be able to enter a code from that email to confirm the reservation, issue the music and mark the music as borrowed online.
In addition to this basic functionality the system will provide a number of reports for managers.  
It will also need to have a suggestions page
